chore: [CHAOS-2381]: Support HTTPS with authentication in http probe (#3046)
harness/developer-hub: docs/chaos-engineering/technical-reference/probes/http-probe.md

  </tr>
</table>

### Authentication

> This establishes a fundamental authentication mechanism for the http endpoint. The username:password, encoded in base64 or bearer token should be placed either within the 'credentials' field or as a file path in the 'credentialsFile' field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This establishes a fundamental authentication mechanism for the http endpoint. The username:password, encoded in base64 or bearer token should be placed either within the `credentials` field or as a file path in the `credentialsFile` field.
```

> It's important to note that `credentials` and `credentialsFile` are two options that cannot be used simultaneously

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's important to note that `credentials` and `credentialsFile` are two options that cannot be used simultaneously.
```

   </td>
   <td>Flag to hold the authentication type
   </td>
   <td>Optional
   </td>
   <td><code>string</code>
   </td>
   <td>The <code>type</code> encompasses the authentication method, which includes support for both Basic and Bearer authentication types
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>credentials
   </td>
   <td>Flag to hold the basic auth credentials or bearer token
   </td>
   <td>Optional
   </td>
   <td><code>string</code>
   </td>
   <td>The <code>credentials</code> consists of the basic authentication credentials, either as username:password encoded in base64 format or as a bearer token, depending on the authentication type
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td> credentialsFile
   </td>
   <td>Flag to hold the basic auth credentials or bearer token file path
   </td>
   <td>Optional
   </td>
   <td><code>string</code>
   </td>
   <td>The <code>credentials</code> consists of file path for basic authentication credentials or a bearer token, which are then attached to the experiment pod as volume secrets. These secret resources contain either the username:password encoded in base64 format or a bearer token, depending on the authentication type
  </tr>
</table>

### TLS

> It offers the mechanism to validate TLS certifications for the http endpoint. You can supply the 'cacert,' or the client certificate and client key, to perform the validation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It offers the mechanism to validate TLS certifications for the http endpoint. You can supply the `cacert` or the client certificate and client key to perform the validation.
```

> Alternatively, you have the option to enable the 'insecureSkipVerify' check to bypass certificate validation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you have the option to enable the `insecureSkipVerify` check to bypass certificate validation.
```
